## Discussion of Article Drafts
* article-0-0
  * is the word "String" known to the audience?
  * figure does not directly relate to the text, use "A"s instead of boxes
  * command line example introduced additional concept
  * should the title be soemthing more catchy than just the name of the concept itself?
  * daily-life example could be helpful
* article-0-13
  * example missing
  * alternative title: "inclusive OR exclusive"
  * too much text? or just enough?
  * good figure, nice style
  * reference to human language makes the article accessible
  * catchy title
  * personal tocuh of optional text
* article-0-23
  * use different figure (e.g. compare FLOPS of known things like brain, phone, etc.)
  * long and complicated sentences
  * why are more FLOPS better?
  * article doe snot relate to title
  * omit last sentence
  * catchy title
* article-0-28
  * title too long
  * uses too specific/inapropriate terms
  * weird figure
  * what is machine language? why is it needed?
  * figure looks like punchcard system
  * play with the word "understand"
  * do not use "0"s and "1"s
* article-0-29
  * catchy title
  * is the Fibonacci number example too specific?
  * recursive vs. iterative
  * recursion is not directly linked to "samller and smaller", sound more like divide an conquer
* article-0-3
  * short article, but has all the necessary information
  * title includes a "lession learned"
  * does not explain the "conquer" part
  * "We..." is a different style than other articles
  * use example that the reader can relate to
  * sorting algorithm is a rather abstarct concept, not connected too figure
  * hwo to address the reader?
* article-0-36
  * very technical, not funny, pure information
  * feels ehavy, but ok
  * very long sentences
  * use cool numbers as an introducer/example
  * explains effect behind the phenomenon very well
  * educational
  * how useful is that Law?, self-fulfilling prophecy
* article-0-39
  * even more technical
  * needs some prior knowledge
  * article can be reduced to simple counting
* article-0-5
  * religious discussion?
  * term "index" needs to be explained
  * quote and article on same page
  * article does not mention "0.5" again
  * how to fit comic on one page?
  * are "array" and "index" necessary? -> focus on counting
* article-0-88
  * beautiful figure
  * article ends with same words than title
  * first paragraph is too complicated
  * problem space is a complex topic
  * alternative title: "one size fist all" 
  * colors are necessary for figure
